Before you read any of the song lyrics, I'd just like to say a little bit about my writing style.  In the songs, when I say "I," or "you," or "we,"  I'm not necessarily talking about anyone imparticularly, and the situations I describe are for the most part fictional. It is not to say that the feeling that the song or the words gives you is fake.  You see, when I write a song I am in a certain mood, and I just pick a situation that describes the mood I'm in, whether it is true or not.  In other words, don't believe everything that you read:-).

			Wasted

This song is an anti-social song.  It is written with rebellion from the norm in mind and is not specifically about getting wasted, but doing things rebellious just to be different.  It is also saying that life has some fun things to offer, so what if they're not too safe...God put them there for a reason.

			Against This Wall

This song is about the stress and anxiety felt in life; whether it be through relationships, school, etc.  When you try so hard to excel and succeed, but over time you become apathetic to your outcome, and you believe death is the easiest way out.  It's like when you want a certain person as your girlfriend or boyfriend, but they continually turn you down.  After a while you get so pissed at them that you don't care anymore...you don't care about life.

			Jar of Pills

This song is about a young male, approximately 22, who is addicted to drugs.  He finds the drugs as a way to escape, but he is continually smashed by society, even his family, for his addiction.  He wishes that they would just stop caring about him and let him live life as he wishes.  He views himself as a looser, but he can't stop his addiction. He thinks his drugs keep him alive, but this no one understands.  This is just to show people to relax a little, and try not to care as much.  Let people live the way they want.

			Garden of Hate

This song is about a girl who sits in a beautiful garden, and slits her wrists.  She chooses to die because the worldly pressures have become to harsh.  The whole song is about how she came from the earth, but she will eventually be put back into the earth; and her rotting body will help other plants to grow, which will feed another person, who will also be ruined by pressure, and who will then kill herself in the same garden...and so the cycle goes on and on (sorry for the run-on sentence).  This song is just to shows how society kills people.

			Come Undone

This song is a mix of different meanings.  It talks about sex, dreams, how pathetic society is, and then ties them all together.  Basically it says that sex (not necessarily sex, but a bond of love) and dreams can make up for the deterioration of society (kind of ironic---sex can fix society?!?).

			Forever Sleep Dream

This song is about relationships that suck.  It is about a boy who tries so hard to keep a girl because he loves her, but by keeping her, he is killing her (much like a firefly: you keep it because it is beautiful, but then it dies if you keep it too long).  He tries so hard to love her that he forgets to care about her needs, and the relationship looses it's feeling.  Then in the end he comes to these realizations, and gets pretty pissed-off at himself and of himself as a looser.  He wishes he could just sleep forever rather than face his problems.

			Soldier

This song says "fuck you" to everyone.  The only way people learn to love is through hate, and sometimes hating and not caring is more fun than loving.  Everyone tries to be perfect and be the best they can be (just like a soldier?!?) but I don't work that way. I would rather be a looser and have fun than care or try hard.  


			Strum

This song is about good relationships.  About when you love someone (or something) so much, and the time when you first come to that realization that you love them.  It is about realizing that you could be with them forever and never feel like you're missing out on anything. (There is another meaning, a bit more in depth, but I'll let you figure it out)

			Little People

This song is about everyone in the world.  It is about all their dumb rules, laws, and how they work their ass off but never have time to enjoy it.  It has nothing to do with being mad at them, just kind of mocking them and making fun of their stupid, pointless lifestyles.  Have fun working while I sleep :-).

			Minor

This song is the first song that we ever wrote.  The verse is a poem that I wrote about the color black, and the "Minor" part is because the whole song is in a minor key.  The "been over you" part has absolutely no meaning, but it fit in the song.  

			Angel of Evil

This song is about a man (I wouldn't call retarded but with a low IQ) who loves this woman so much that every night he sneaks into her house and stands there for hours watching her sleep.  One night he knocks over something...a lamp or a porcelain figure perhaps...and she awakens.  He then kills her out of fear.  Afterwards he keeps on telling himself that the murder was just because she was his enemy.  This song one our second song ever written, and has very little meaning. I guess it could be likened to trying to make excuses for your sins, or maybe about obsessions...but I'm not quite sure, I wrote it along time ago.

			God

This is about a boy who gets molested and abused by his father, and everyone he tells chooses to ignore it.  He chooses to seclude himself from society and he stares at his walls for hours at a time. He becomes insane and falls in love with a dot on the wall because it is always there for him, unlike anyone else.  Finally he snaps and kills his father and his whole family, but he is happy about it.  The meaning to this is simply not to harm others because what you do to them will come back worse.  It is an ode to all those who get picked on, beat up, lunch money stolen, raped, molested, abused verbally or mentally...the end of the song says what I think you should do to your predator, they are all sick deranged lunatics.


		Time For Time to Hideaway

This song is about a boy who wakes up in his bed in the middle of the night and he is surrounded by fire with no way out.  He knows he is going to die, but then he thinks that death might be a way to purify his sins, or his "inside impurities."  This symbolizes the trapped feeling that all of have had for one reason or another, and how I know all of us have at some time thought of death as a way out.


			Perfect World

This song is self-explanatory.  I just list all of the things I love and that I believe would make the world a better, more peaceful place.  There is no other meaning than simply peace.

			Pilot

This is about a person who is in a plane with an insane pilot controlling it.  The pilot then heads the plane straight toward the ocean, and jumps out with the only parachute, leaving the passenger to die.  The translation of this is about a schizophrenic who has two personalities, the good one (the passenger) and the bad one (the pilot).  The plane symbolizes his mind.  When the bad personality takes over, all  the good one can do is watch as his mind is destroyed.  When the good personality takes control again, he becomes abandoned by the other personality, and realizes what a mess he is in, but there is no way to change it.


			Mute

This song has no meaning, the words are a free-flow of rhymes, and the meaning changes each time I sing it.

			Stone Tipping

This song is about a group of kids who get drunk and stoned and go to the local cemetery to break stones and vandalize the place.  The dance around and have a jolly old time.  This song is just an ode to boredom and a boring town.  It represents all the weird schemes I've contrives simply to occypy time.

			Last in Line

This song is about "cool" people, and how to "be cool" you have hang out in the back of the classroom, be a jock, go to parties, talk like a gangsta', and that is how you get all the girls.  Well I don't buy it.  I believe that being cool is being yourself and you get girls through poetry and songs and being beautiful as yourself.  But all this backfires and I end up being a looser and watch them get all the girls and I can't understand why.  IN otherwords JOCKS SUCK ASS!!!!

			Church Bells

This song is about a man who dies and he becomes an angel and watches his own funeral procession.  He looks at the people and realizes how stupid they are for caring about life so much when death is so much more blissful.  The meaning of this is simply...death is peace.
